huhuhuhu huhu
hobbies, yes
I do, um...
You know, it's funny because I.
I've been thinking about what hobbies I should develop because...
I feel like I haven't been really actively
Passionately involved in a movie lately.
I've been, ah, you know, I could say yes.
I love to read, which I do, ah when the pandemic hit, um
I was reading a lot and I loved it because all of a sudden we had all this quiet.
final match um I found
got into um ebooks which I never did before. I used to go to library
or, you know, or um read, you know, like,
In print and I picked up um ebooks and I loved it.
because I just felt it was so easy to...um
pick up only because um most books I never read twice.
I never go back to it. so, um
I am just kind of like to gloss around and if I don't like it I can always pick up huh
I am so, um, that was fun for a while um ch I
Not as a child. um, my sister was actually the avid reader when I was a kid.
ah and I would always want to play with dolls or something.
Okay, I'm mad at her because huhu I wanted to um
where where she would like to read, but I did major in literature in college.
So I finally got into reading later, I felt like, in life.
and ahm I really enjoyed it, yeah, in life
yes
I was not, huhuhuhahaha
Um, I was debating on what to major in and I felt in English
was a very practical major.
I know lots of people are going into business or sciences and then an another thing spent
In terms of just um being able to kind like the wide
I I think I want a wide range ah exposure to different things.
like I felt I could study philosophy and religion.
And, do you know science is pet?
saying it's literature, it's reading.
because you do get exposed to a wide variety of topics and things and so ah
That's kind of what I ended up gravitating toward, huhu my
yeah,this it's developed into a...
lifelong, I guess, love or, you know, just learning in general.
scam
Right now, I have been, uhm
What did I read last? I I remember I read Jimmy Carter's um
No more? Uh-huh.
ah before and I just fascinated by his life and developments
um humble conditions.
and um went on to just do extraordinary things.
And um so I do like biographies, if I could get ahead.
***um I do like
I try to expand sometimes. I tend to...um
I think as I'm older and my...huhu
My grandma's teachers were more non-fiction.um
words versus before I used to.
you know, want to pick up a fiction, a novel or two.
But I still like and enjoy the occasional five star
ch
oh, you know when the pandamic hit
I think I was going for a
ah I mean, I don't read that quickly, so I I think I went through a good...
15, 20 titles.
that first year within that year was the first between pandemic.
um
but I usually don't read that much. I might go through a book.
but till I might get into feces. hahuhu
read for a while and then like put it down and do something else.
Yes, yes. I do most of my reading at night.
ah I'll turn into bed early and just lie in bed.
That's where the inputs are great, because I don't...
You have to put on a night light or you'll remember to turn it off.
I just read them in the dark huhu on my phone.
ch I have on occasion um been very, you know...
I I usually catch myself and then I cut though.
put down and then I'm done. Yes, it helps me fall asleep.
depend When I wait huh
ohh nice
ch
yeah yeah huhu
That was good. Yes, that's a good read.
ah I guess it depends what you like to read. I read...ah
You know when the pandemic hit, I remember...